RLI INSURANCE COMPANY ) 

Plaintiff

v.
 
NEXUS SERVICES, INC. 

Defendant.

FACTUAL BACKGROUND 

The General Agreement of Indemnity Executed by the Defendant 
On or about January 20, 2016, Nexus, by its President, Micheal Donovan, as 
“Indemnitor,” executed and entered a Commercial Surety General Indemnity Agreement (the 
“Indemnity Agreement”), in favor of RLI, as “Surety,” (i) to induce RLI to issue surety 
immigration bonds (each a “Bond” under the Indemnity Agreement) for the release of alien 
detainees as requested by Nexus, including through any of Nexus’ subsidiaries, brokers or other 
agents (each such alien detainee is a “Principal” under one or more Bonds); and (ii) as 
consideration for RLI’s issuance of such Bonds.

RLI Issued Immigration Bonds in Reliance upon the Indemnity Agreement 
At the request of Nexus, and in reliance upon the various terms and protections 
afforded to RLI under the Indemnity Agreement, RLI, as Surety, issued more than 2,400 
immigration Bonds, in conjunction with the release from custody of individual alien detainees, 
each of whom is a named “Principal” under one or more of the Bonds. 
Each Bond was produced on behalf of RLI by Big Marco Insurance & Bonding 
Services, LLC (“Big Marco”). 
RLI and Big Marco are co-obligors on each of the Bonds. 
The obligee on each of the immigration Bonds is the United States Government. 
The terms of such immigration Bonds are informed by the Code of Federal 
Regulations (“CFR”), specifically 8 CFR § 103.6, and regulations established by the Secretary of 
the Department of Homeland Security (“DHS”). 
DHS administers immigration Bonds in accordance with policies and procedures 
set forth in its own Bond Management Handbook (“DHS Handbook”). 
Consistent with the CFR, the United States Government, through DHS, is the 
“Obligee” of each immigration Bond that RLI issued at Nexus’ request, and as such, may assert 
claims against the Bonds and enforce the performance obligations of each Bond. 
The CFR provides for a number of different types of immigration Bonds, each 
imposing unique obligations upon the Surety, and all of which are issued on DHS’ Form I-352. 
A true and correct copy of DHS Form I-352 is attached hereto as Exhibit B.1 
1 As a representative sample, a true and correct copy of the completed first page of one of the 
immigration Bonds issued by RLI at Nexus’ request, redacted in part by DHS, and in part by RLI 
for privacy reasons, is attached hereto as part of Exhibit J. 
 

At Nexus’ request, RLI issued the following three types of the immigration Bonds 
provided under Form I-352: (i) Bond Conditioned Upon Delivery of an Alien (“Delivery Bond”); 
(ii) Bond Conditioned Upon the Voluntary Departure of an Alien (“Departure Bond”); and (iii) 
Order of Supervision Bond (“OSUP Bond”). 
A Delivery Bond generally requires the surety to cause the bonded alien to appear 
in court or as otherwise directed by DHS, upon an appropriate appearance notice. 
A Departure Bond generally requires the surety to provide proof that the bonded 
alien has departed the United States by a required date. 
An OSUP Bond generally requires the surety to ensure that the alien complies 
with a supervision order, which may include a voluntary surrender of the bonded alien. 
The Bond obligations continue until they are cancelled or released, which may 
occur upon, satisfaction of the performance obligation, forfeiture of the penal sum of the Bond, 
or the occurrence of a number of other events, many of which are enumerated on Form I-352 or 
in the DHS Handbook. 
The DHS Handbook states that the average life of an immigration bond is twenty-
five months. 
Each immigration Bond is issued in a specific penal amount or sum, which is 
forfeited to the Government, in whole or in part, upon a “breach” of the Bond—i.e., a failure to 
perform the bonded obligation. 
In accordance with Bond Form I-352 and the DHS Handbook, a failure to timely 
pay the penal sum of the Bond within thirty (30) days in response to a breach notice by DHS, or 
to timely appeal the same, generally exposes the co-obligors to additional interest and penalties 
beyond the Bond’s penal sum. 


In accordance with Bond Form I-352 and the DHS Handbook, upon the failure to 
timely pay such a Bond obligation within one hundred twenty (120) days, the surety is exposed 
to the additional risk of having the matter reported and turned over to the United States 
Department of Treasury, with whom commercial sureties must register and obtain approval in 
order to issue federal surety bonds. 
As a practical matter, a commercial surety’s maintenance of its good standing 
with the Department of Treasury is vital to its ability to maintain a surety business. 
In accordance with its obligations under the Indemnity Agreement to indemnify 
and exonerate RLI from liability and loss, Nexus has undertaken (i) in the first instance, to meet 
the performance obligations of the various Bonds upon receipt of a corresponding demand from 
DHS; and (ii) in the event of a failure to satisfy the performance obligations, to pay Bond claims 
as they become due in accordance with corresponding breach notices from DHS. 
Nexus Has Defaulted under the Indemnity Agreement 
Between February 11, 2016 and February 28, 2017, RLI issued more than 2,400 
Bonds at Nexus’ request, of which, as best as RLI can determine from the limited cancellation 
information available to RLI to date, at least 2,197 remain in force. The percentage of Bonds 
that remains outstanding is far greater than would reasonably be expected under the twenty-fivemonth 
average life projected in the DHS Handbook. 
RLI is exposed to Bond liability and loss in excess of one 
million dollars. 

DHS began calling for performance under some of the Bonds as early as May 25, 
2016. 
RLI began receiving notices that certain Bond 
obligations had not been performed as demanded by DHS. Each such notice included a claim 
against the Bond, in the form of an invoice, demanding remission of the penal sum of the Bond. 
In response to its receipt of Bond claims, RLI made inquiries to Nexus regarding, 
among other things, the status of all claims on individual Bonds and the status of all other Bonds, 
including the extent to which Bonds had been cancelled. 
Nexus has consistently refused to comply with RLI’s specific requests for 
information in connection with the Bonds. 
RLI began issuing specific, formal written demands for access to 
inspect Nexus’ books, records and accounts.  
Nexus failed and refused to comply with this request. 
Nexus finally agreed to allow RLI to meet with Nexus at its office in Verona, 
Virginia on May 26, 2017, and both parties attended such a meeting that day with their 
respective counsel. Nexus did not at that meeting provide RLI with access to the requested 
records, but it did agree to produce copies of them following the meeting. 
Nexus failed and refused to comply with this request, and to date, has never 
provided RLI with anything close to what RLI requested and Nexus agreed to provide at the May 
26, 2017 meeting. 
Nexus failed and refused to comply with this request. 
On December 12, 2017, Nexus complied with RLI’s request for a meeting at the 
office of RLI’s counsel in McLean, Virginia, to address, among other things, Nexus’ failure to 
provide RLI with access to its books, records and accounts. 
During the December 12, 2017 meeting, Nexus again agreed to provide the 
requested records but only upon execution of a confidentiality agreement. 
At that time, RLI’s counsel correctly advised Nexus that its express contractual 
right of access to books, records and accounts was not in any way contingent upon the execution 
of a confidentiality agreement but, without waving any rights, nonetheless asked Nexus’ counsel 
to delineate all material terms that it would require in such a confidentiality agreement. 
Thereafter, RLI’s counsel prepared, and by email dated January 10, 2018 
forwarded to Nexus, a draft confidentiality agreement that addressed each of Nexus’ stated 
concerns. 
To date, Nexus has failed and refused to comply with this latest request, as well as 
each of the other above-referenced requests by RLI for access to Nexus’ books, records and
accounts.
In addition to its numerous requests for access to books, records and accounts, 
RLI has made demand under the Indemnity Agreement for Nexus’ procurement of RLI’s 
discharge under the Bonds or, in the alternative, for collateral security. 
Specifically, by its above-referenced letter dated March 13, 2017, RLI made a 
further formal, specific demand under the Indemnity Agreement that Nexus either (i) procure 
RLI’s discharge without loss from all Bonds and provide conclusive evidence of such discharge; 
or (ii) if such discharge was unattainable, deposit collateral security with RLI to cover a portion 
of RLI’s estimated exposure under the Bonds. See Ex. E. 
To date, Nexus has failed and refused to comply with RLI’s demand for either (i) 
the procurement of its discharge from liability and to provide conclusive evidence thereof; or (ii) 
for the collateral security demanded. 
Nexus has further increased RLI’s bond exposure and placed RLI’s surety 
business and reputation at unnecessary and unreasonable risk through Nexus’ dealings with DHS 
regarding the outstanding immigration bonds. 
For instance, Nexus has failed in a number of instances to timely pay Bond 
claims, despite contrary representations to RLI, exposing RLI to additional interest and penalties 
in excess of the Bond’s penal sums. 
In many instances, Nexus’ delay in making payments has extended into the period 
in which DHS advises that it may report the delinquency to the Department of Treasury, thereby 
undermining RLI’s corresponding relationship. For example, attached hereto as Exhibit J is a 
true and correct copy of a December 12, 2017 letter and its attachments, redacted in part by 
DHS, and in part by RLI for privacy reasons, in which DHS noted one such delinquency and 
threatened to turn the matter over to the Department of Treasury if not promptly remedied. 

In attempting to mitigate potential increases in Bond exposure and Bond losses 
and to preserve its relationship with the federal government, RLI has repeatedly requested that 
Nexus contemporaneously advise RLI of its dealings with DHS, particularly with respect to any 
and all Bond claims, including through the contemporaneous provision of copies of checks sent 
in satisfaction of Bond demands, or other responsive appeals or correspondence, along with 
tracking information related to the transmission and delivery of such submissions. 
With few exceptions, Nexus has failed to comply with such requests by RLI. 
After RLI inquiries regarding a number of unsatisfied Bond claims went 
unanswered, RLI, by email dated March 28, 2018, advised Nexus that if it failed to demonstrate 
to RLI by 5:00 p.m. on March 29, 2018, with copies of checks and tracking information, that 
Nexus had forwarded payment to Big Marco on eight such claims, RLI would submit payment 
on each of them to DHS. A true and correct copy of this March 28, 2018 email, partially 
redacted for attorney-client privilege, is attached hereto as Exhibit K.2 
Nexus failed to comply with or respond to the March 28, 2018 email, and 
therefore, RLI issued payment to DHS on all eight claims, in the total amount of $83,872.14, 
thereby incurring a loss resulting from its having issued Bonds at Nexus’ request. 
2 Due to a typographical error and a minor accounting issue, the total sum of the claim amounts 
stated in this March 28, 2018 email is $8,995 less than the amount that was actually owed and 
paid by RLI to DHS on these eight Bond claims. See ¶ 68, supra. 


Nexus’ failure to indemnify RLI for such bond losses constitutes a further breach 
of the Indemnity Agreement. 
RLI has also incurred substantial additional costs in investigating Bond claims 
and in attempting to enforce its rights and Nexus’ obligations under the Indemnity Agreement, 
for which costs Nexus is liable to RLI. 
Nexus’ breaches of the Indemnity Agreement, including but not limited to its 
most recent failure to pay Bond claims or even to respond to RLI’s related inquiry, its refusal to 
pay collateral security, and its refusal to comply with RLI’s demand to inspect its books, records 
and accounts, among other factors, give RLI grave concerns regarding Nexus’ solvency and its 
capability and intentions going forward to satisfy its indemnity, collateral security and other 
obligations under the Indemnity Agreement. 
Nexus’ breaches of the bargained-for interim rights set forth in the Indemnity 
Agreement, including but not limited to its continuing refusal to comply with RLI’s demand to 
inspect its books, records and accounts and either to procure its discharge from loss under all of 
the Bonds and provide conclusive evidence thereof or to provide requested collateral security, 
has further harmed and continues to harm RLI by, inter alia, diminishing and impairing RLI’s 
ability, immediately and prior to or during the pendency of any enforcement suit, to secure 
Nexus’ available collateral assets, to guard against Nexus’ potential dissipation thereof, to 
accurately evaluate RLI’s loss exposure, and to preserve its reputation with the federal 
government. 

