JASON GOODMAN,
vs. 
CHRISTOPHER ELLIS BOUZY, BOT SENTIEL, INC, 
GEORGE WEBB SWEIGERT 
Christopher Bouzy (“Bouzy”) is the founder and CEO of Bot Sentinel, INC. 
Botsentinel.com describes the following “In 2018, Christopher Bouzy (@cbouzy) launched Bot 
Sentinel to help fight disinformation and targeted harassment. We believe Twitter users should 
be able to engage in healthy online discourse without inauthentic accounts, toxic trolls, foreign 
countries, and organized groups manipulating the conversation.” Bot Sentinel purports to be a 
benevolent site that is free to use and is financially supported by donations from magnanimous 
users. In fact, there is no artificial intelligence or machine learning behind Bot Sentinel. It is 
merely a façade. Bot Sentinel is a money raising scam intended to build Bouzy’s credibility 
while it hides his true purpose to defame and attack users on Twitter he or his clients dislike. 
Bouzy uses the techniques he claims to monitor on Twitter to attack individuals and launch 
vicious personally damaging harassment, defamation, and reputation destruction campaigns. Bot 
Sentinel and Bouzy are engaged in a harassment for hire business model, and they serve clients 
who call on them to do so. In or around Decmber 2020, an individual named Benjamin Wittes 
(“Wittes”) agreed to engage in a text-based interview with Jason Goodman over Twitter. These 
exchanges are commonly referred to as “Ask Me Anything” or simply AMA sessions. Although 
Wittes agreed to participate voluntarily, he avoided answering uncomfortable questions and 
prematurely terminated the session when the Jason Goodman raised evidence pertaining to a story that 
had been previously covered on Wittes podcast and blog titled Lawfare. Wittes departure from 
the online conversation was directly coincident with unwanted and insulting Twitter 
communications from Bouzy. Prior to this interaction, the Jason Goodman had never met 
Bouzy and was totally unaware of him. Bouzy’s messages were filled with false claims so offensive and insulting, they prompted Jason Goodman to search the internet for Bouzy’s phone number. 
After a lengthy phone call, Bouzy began a days long Twitter defamation campaign against 
Jason Goodman that included false, baseless, and unsubstantiated claims made by Bouzy alleging that 
Jason Goodman had committed the crime of rape. These heinous allegations are inherently damaging, 
false and were clearly made with the sole intention of injuring Jason Goodman’s reputation and business. 
Not satisfied with mere reputation destruction, Bouzy took further steps to destroy the social 
media accounts that he knew were critical to Jason Goodman’s daily business operations. Despite these 
horrendous actions, and due to Jason Goodman demanding schedule, Jason Goodman decided to ignore Bouzy 
and put the harassment, defamation, and tortious interference out of mind. Almost one year 
later, with no further provocation from Jason Goodman, on December 17, 2021, Bouzy republished the 
same series of defamatory tweets. While New York case law precedent has determined that 
mere republication of old claims is insufficient to extend the statute of limitations, Bouzy’s most 
recent originally published defamatory statement was made on December 20, 2020 making this 
filing timely today. 
